edit outdated language and organise community handbook chapters (#4122)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/13_community_forum_checklist.md

---
name: "\U0001F310 Community Forum Checklist"
about: Community Forum Checklist
title:
labels:
assignees: ''

---
**The upcoming Community Forum is on Date - Month - Year**

Register here to attend: [add registration page link].

> 

Reviewer: Agreed - maybe there should be information about how it is currently organised (TTW delivery group) and how it will be organised in the future?

> 

Author: We can link to the chapter in the book - I don't think the issue will be referred to generally by the community - it's for the planning group (like CM WG). This look should be live once this PR is merged
```suggestion

To learn more about the Community Forum, please refer to the corresponding chapter in our Community Handbook: https://book.the-turing-way.org/community-handbook/community-forums
```

## Before the Event 

- [ ] Create a planning issue on GitHub  - this issue's checklist
- [ ] Identify date and time
- [ ] Invite a chair from the Maintainers level - debrief them as needed (housekeeping, agenda, introducing speakers) - the team will help with timekeeping, zoom and notes management and helping with breakouts
- [ ] Set up the Framapad to guide the meeting (use templates from previous calls)
- [ ] Set up a shared slide deck for all WG members to share updates before the event (use templates from previous calls)

> - [ ] Create a registration page (Google form template)

Author: Yes, that could be great. It can be linked here.

- [ ] Create a Zoom link with a waiting room and live transcription enabled.
  - [ ] Give 'co-host rights' to all facilitators (if possible) to allow them to manage Zoom participants and chats.
- [ ] Define the agenda with the Steering Committee (representatives from each WG and project)
- [ ] Identify other presenters who may present or lead a session during the call
- [ ] Create a calendar event with all information
- [ ] Invite speakers, blocking  calendar for the event and 15 mins pre-event tech-check/Green room
- [ ] Reach out to a WG representative who can share updates from WGs on the day

> - [ ] Add information to the start page

Reviewer: Yes - I was thinking that I should have an issue tracking transition documentation for the project. What do you think @arielle-bennett @malvikasharan?

> - [ ] Add information to the start page

Author: Generally speaking, the Community Management Working Group should have a password to log into the start page and edit to add the new link.
@aleesteele, is that the correct assumption? In that case we can edit this to make it more explicit like so:
```suggestion
- [ ] Ask the Community Management Working Group to update the information on the [start page](https://the-turing-way.start.page/)
```

- [ ] Announce at least 3-4 weeks in advance on Slack, Newsletter, Twitter and different talks

> - [ ] Update the Turing Way calendar with Zoom, Etherpad and Registration form - and pass it to registered participants

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update the Turing Way calendar with Zoom, Framapad and Registration form - and email the Zoom link it to registered participants
```

## During the session

- [ ] Open the Zoom call 15 minutes in advance (keep the waiting room of Zoom enabled)
- [ ] Test if speakers' microphone, camera and internet work alright - help troubleshoot any tech challenge
- [ ] Let participants in right on time
- [ ] Welcome them and share Etherpad
- [ ] Remind them that the call will be recorded and that participants can use chat (but may not have the chance to speak during the 60 minutes live)
- [ ] Start recording (on Zoom Cloud) and enable transcription
- [ ] At 5 minutes past, as people join, the person designated to welcome them will introduce the Turing Way, CoC, and Etherpad information and Present the topic
  - [ ] Share agenda
  - [ ]  Record the main room session

## After the session

- [ ] Review Community Call pluses and deltas

> - [ ] Have a Community Call debrief with the Project Delivery Team

Author: No, maybe for the Sterring Committee to take this on.
```suggestion
- [ ] Have a Community Call debrief with the Steering Committee and/or Working Group members involved in delivering the next Community Forum
```
